Do I welcome snow, you actually look down on me
Dad, I changed my mind
I want him to die on the construction site
Yingxue, Dad will satisfy you with everything you want
Hello Feihu?
Didn't you always pin Luo Yingxue's beauty on it?
This time I got it.
You play him to death for me
Really? That's great, Third Master, don't worry.
I promise he won't get out of our company
Brothers, the third master called just now
Coming soon, a pretty little girl
I'll play first
I'll sweep it for you too
Ok big brother
I see who is making trouble in the palace?
Come out and play
Then think about that little girl
Came to my place single-handedly
How much will my third master give you?
I'll give you double.
Get out of my place
Don't affect my construction site demolition
Damn you little girl is awesome
Do you think I want your money?
Heaven is an insult to the elderly
What do you want?
What I want is that you don't want this.
Pain pain